Skip to content
New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

Propose replacing Graph & KEP of the week w/ automation focused slot #2818

Closed
spiffxp opened this Issue Oct 17, 2018 · 18 comments

Comments

@spiffxp
Copy link
Member

spiffxp commented Oct 17, 2018

Naming is hard: automation of the week? bot command of the week? contribex tips?

Basically I think the Graph of the Week slot has outlived its utility to the community. We've shown all the graphs, but I don't know if people are using them. I'd rather replace that 5min slot with something that shows people how to do stuff on our project, or a piece of our automation, etc. I think this should be SIG Contribex's time to share whatever improvements we've made to the workflow, or whatever things are out there that people may not know about.

I'm also not sure if KEP of the Week is worth keeping around. The last time we had one was August 30th.

Some of these I've probably already done, but ideas include:

  • a tour across PR's, deck, gubernator, and testgrid
  • /lifecycle + why @fejta-bot uses it
  • /help + /good-first-issue
  • /hold + [wip]
  • /kind and /sig vs. needs-kind and needs-sig
  • /lgtm + tree hashes: squash commits, nothing changes, lgtm stays on (this is being piloted in test-infra)
  • filing issues on kubernetes/org to get github stuff done
  • updating labels.yaml to add labels to your repo (or to all repos)
  • updating branch protection and required contexts for your repo

Opening an issue for discussion. I think closure happens when:

  • we reach agreement
  • I update the community meeting template
  • we have a backlog of topics

etc.

/kind feature
/sig contributor-experience
/area community-management

FYI @parispittman @castrojo as subproject owners

FYI @mattfarina @nikhita @Phillels as people I remember +1'ing the idea during the most recent sig-contribex meeting

@jeefy

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member

jeefy commented Oct 17, 2018

+1

I like the sound of "Contributor Tips".

It feels inclusive and casts a wide net toward the desired target audience.

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Oct 17, 2018

FYI @jberkus
What about any "graphs" we might want to present? IMO they should be meaningful and actionable from a contributor perspective, and can fit into this slot. We could also talk about them in Announcements, as we often have spare room then.

FYI @justaugustus @calebamiles
What about any "KEPs" we might want to present? I think we often have time at the end in Announcements and they could go there. We could also encourage SIG's to present KEPs during their update (pretty sure this is already in the slide template)

@castrojo

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

castrojo commented Oct 18, 2018

I feel like KEPs should be a top primitive. The community meeting is cross-SIG by nature and having someone present a KEP is a good way to make sure they're getting eyeballs.

For the "Contributor Tips" I think we should just have a list of things we could be rotating on:

  • Chart/Devstats o' the week.
  • Bot-o-logy - Something bot/automation related. "Did you know you can foo?"
  • Some other community metric of the week - slack, discuss, youtube, etc.
  • And then a catchall slot for something that might be a recurring thing that is more important than a typical announcement.

We could also perhaps make it more useful by not just assuming "5 minute slot" to encourage quick, good tips. For example:

  • "ok thanks for the demo, this week's tip by Jorge"
  • "Spelling-fix typos got you down? Did you know we have a trivial edit policy? Here's the link to the wording/policy to help you out."
  • "Wow that's great, moving on!"

That way it's quick and TLDR and it doesn't make people feel like they have to put together slides, etc.

@jberkus

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

jberkus commented Oct 23, 2018

I think we can drop Graph O' The Week. I may keep doing it for LWKD, but it doesn't need to be part of the community meeting.

I think we should keep KEP of the week, provided that we can make it the job of SIG-PM to supply us with one. Since having a KEP of the week is directly related to successfully promoting the KEP concept, they should be eager to do this. If they're not, I think it spells trouble for KEPs as an idea.

@justaugustus

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member

justaugustus commented Oct 24, 2018

This has ballooned into "Let's define the exact shape of the Community Meeting" as opposed to "Let's remove some things". Could we update the title to reflect that?

In my mind, I see the following:

  • Announcements
  • Demo
  • SIG Updates
  • KEP preso
  • Did you know? / Contributor Tips / _____ O' The Week
  • Shoutouts

I think SIG Updates are good for who we are, what's going on, upcoming work, and how to get involved.

The KEP presentation should be a "deeper" dive into a specific KEP.
@castrojo and I discussed on some call a little while ago and yes, KEPs should absolutely be a top-level primitive of the meeting as opposed to an afterthought.

That said, while defining / improving / facilitating the KEP process is a function of SIG PM, I would hope that SIGs are excited about the work they're doing and willing / able / available to present that work to a wider audience.

I'm happy to do some additional legwork, but SIGs should be seeding a backlog of KEPs to discuss and capable presenters, as opposed to SIG PM chasing them down.

Since having a KEP of the week is directly related to successfully promoting the KEP concept, they should be eager to do this.

While that is true, there's a significant amount of work happening in the background (see here and here) to make KEPs successful, that is of higher priority than finding weekly KEP presenters.

cc: @calebamiles @jdumars

@parispittman

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

parispittman commented Oct 25, 2018

Can we nuke the future topics section, too? [scope creep - I'll see myself out]

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Oct 25, 2018

This has ballooned into "Let's define the exact shape of the Community Meeting" as opposed to "Let's remove some things". Could we update the title to reflect that?

No no no please let's not scope creep this.

I'll just drop GoTW for this since I seem to have gotten consensus there. We can see how KEP of the week continues to play out.

@jberkus

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

jberkus commented Oct 25, 2018

@justaugustus if SIG-PM isn't going to help schedule KEPs, I'd argue that we should drop them from the community meeting.

Speaking as a rotational moderator, I have too little insight into KEPs to schedule them. I'm happy to follow-up/confirm, but I need SIG-PM to create the intial schedule.

@justaugustus

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member

justaugustus commented Oct 26, 2018

I'll just drop GoTW for this since I seem to have gotten consensus there. We can see how KEP of the week continues to play out.

SGTM.

@justaugustus if SIG-PM isn't going to help schedule KEPs, I'd argue that we should drop them from the community meeting.

Happy to help, I'm just hoping that in the future SIGs will be proactively submitting KEP presentations for the Community Meeting as opposed to being chased down; that's all I was trying to say. I'll work on seeding the initial KEPs. :)

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Jan 9, 2019

/assign
/unassign @castrojo
I'm going to ensure the community meeting template is updated and then close this out

@k8s-ci-robot k8s-ci-robot assigned spiffxp and unassigned castrojo Jan 9, 2019

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Jan 9, 2019

Updated the meeting agenda template and hosting guide

In the template

[ 0:00 ] Contributor Tip o’ the Week [First Last]

  • A fun graph, contribex info, CI tips, etc.
  • [Link to a chart, a guide, a tool, etc]

In the guide below

A Contributor Tip of the Week (optional)

  • Ask SIG Contributor Experience if they have something for this week, if not, this can be dropped

In the meeting notes, I removed the FUTURE GRAPH OF THE WEEK section

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Jan 9, 2019

While I think it'd be useful to have a backlog of contributor tips, I don't think the backlog belongs in the community meeting notes. I'm inclined to just dump some idea into a Google Doc unless someone else would like to take on managing a more granular backlog via issues or something

@jberkus

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

jberkus commented Jan 9, 2019

Having said the above, I just hunted down and scheduled a KEP for this week.

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Jan 9, 2019

On the subject of KEPs specifically, I'm willing to work with 1.14 release team and sig arch to identify relevant high profile KEPs to be discussed in community

@jberkus

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

jberkus commented Jan 15, 2019

I think we can do a KEP of the week, we just won't have it every single week.

@parispittman

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

parispittman commented Feb 4, 2019

I updated the host template with the backlog instructions. With that, I think we are ready to close this issue - @spiffxp good?

@spiffxp

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member Author

spiffxp commented Mar 2, 2019

/close
Yes, good

@k8s-ci-robot

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

k8s-ci-robot commented Mar 2, 2019

@spiffxp: Closing this issue.

In response to this:

/close
Yes, good

Instructions for interacting with me using PR comments are available here. If you have questions or suggestions related to my behavior, please file an issue against the kubernetes/test-infra repository.

Contributor Experience automation moved this from Backlog to Completed Mar 2, 2019

Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment
You can’t perform that action at this time.